Fix same data diff format bug (#18444)
demisto/content: Packs/Ipstack/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### ipstack
***Breaking Change:*** Reforamtted the *Location* key for the ip indicator.
The location key will now be in the format of `latitude:longitude` instead of `latitude,longitude`.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.27799*.

> - Added *integrationReliability* integration parameter for the DbotScore calculations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added *Source Reliability* integration parameter for the DbotScore calculations.
```
